STCP Dissector for Wireshark

This is a very basic STCP dissector for Wireshark (see below for the main
limitations of the dissector).

Installation
------------

1. Make sure Lua with support for the "bit" library is installed. On
   Ubuntu, this requires installing the following packages:

   lua5.1
   liblua5.1-bitop0

2. Copy the file stcp.lua to ~/.wireshark/plugins

3. Lua plugins will not work if Wireshark is run as root. You will need
   to give your user permissions to perform network captures without
   having root privileges. If you are on a Debian/Ubuntu system, just
   follow these instructions:

     http://ask.wireshark.org/questions/7523/ubuntu-machine-no-interfaces-listed

   For other systems, there are general instructions here:

     http://wiki.wireshark.org/CaptureSetup/CapturePrivileges

Using the dissector
-------------------

Since, as far as Wireshark is concerned, the STCP packet is application-level
data, we need to use a specific port so Wireshark will know what TCP packets
contain STCP packets. The default is 23300, although this can be changed
in stcp.lua. Note that the STCP project server chooses a random port every
time. You will have to hardcode the 23300 port into the server.

Wireshark should automatically detect the new dissector. If you capture TCP
packets, it should flag non-empty packets on port 23300 as STCP packet. You
should be able to see the STCP header fields in human-readable format right
below the TCP packet data.

Note that you can also apply the filter "stcp", and that will show only the
TCP packets that contain STCP packets.


Known issues
------------

Sometimes, multiple STCP packets will be sent in a single TCP packet. This is
beyond the STCP network layer's control, since it can only ask TCP to send
a STCP packet, but TCP may delay sending it until several STCP packets have
been enqueued. This poses a problem for the receiving side, since the TCP
header (and, thus, the STCP one) does not include the length of the packet.

So, given a TCP packet with several STCP packets, it has no way of determining
when the first STCP packet ends. The STCP network layer works around this by
prepending each STCP packet with a 16-bit unsigned integer with the length
of the packet.

The dissector is currently unable to deal with TCP packets containing more
than one STCP packet, and will misidentify them as a single STCP packet
(where the payload is the remaining packets).

It should not be too hard to add support for this, but I am not familiar
enough with Lua (and Wireshark's Lua API) to do it myself.
